to the
hello what about you guys if you are
friends of mine on facebook are going to give
realize that this weekend says this
Vintage type furniture and this furniture are
those that are lately fashionable and
Several of you asked me to
will explain how this type of
furniture or rather how that is done
technique and the truth that technique is super
easy and they will look super original
creative furniture really very very
expensive because but I'm telling you because
how short to make this piece of furniture
to need three colors three types of
paint and then explain right now in this
video as ready let's start to
make our vintage furniture
well I will explain them with the technique
We will cover very well with our
newspaper of preference that are the
local news I'll explain
with a piece of wood how is it going to
do and I told them that we are going to
need painting
this is the color of the painting I do not know what
color be but if you want to know this is
the code that comes in the latita we're going to
go putting it on and we're going to cover
the wood has to be totally
raw that means that it is not
varnished or that has other things
let's have our wood ready and painted
let's wait for it to dry
about an hour is already
completely dry our wood and now
yes ready let's start working with
this is going to occupy white paint and what
what we have to do is
brush down without any side without having
as a pattern or a roll
and this after it has already been
dried our table as you see is already
completely dry we will put a color
for this I used as this color that
it is more or less mint this and it is a color
that I was looking for and so that I
pleased and we are going to give him a few strokes
with our this painting that is going to
remain of this color is what is more
will notice
and
and here the wood completely dry and
what we are going to need is going to be a
stanza a scourer of these I do not know how
they're called but aluminum are for
wash the dishes and what we are going to do
is let's start carving
a very peculiar way that there is like
worn areas
for example here is a worn area
and this has already left our wood
totally steel and it's the only thing
you have to do is you're simply going to
grab a spoil a scourer like
these and you're going to start carving carving and
this is how they could realize
how the effect is made then up
here our wood list and so it is
as more or less I did to him to do
this furniture with those details and if you
like this color so you can try
but you can also work the one you
combine other colors normally in
these furniture are very combined with
the fact of being old but with
current colors really this is a
A little more precision is a little
more d
to take it easy and be struggling
and leaving and leaving and sanding is here
here in this I gave the trail a little more
because it's supposed to be like there's
more use the guys would be all about how
to be able to make a vintage furniture from your
house and very simple and very practical gas
for comment subscribe and share
this video with your friends I see them